# Privacy Policy

## What information do we collect?

When registering we require your first name, last name, username, email, and password. All passwords are encrypted so we don't know the content of them.

## What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

1. To authenticate and log you in
2. To send out autogenerated email notifications
3. To send out newsletters

## How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.

We offer the use of a secure server and https connection when you visit our website at all times. All passwords are encrypted before storing in the database. Even the administrators do not know what your passwords are. When you delete your profile, all your personal information is deleted from our database. In case of any possible data breaches, our community members will be informed within 72 hours.

## Do we use cookies?

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies in order to create a session and keep you logged in during your visit to our website. We also use Google Analytics service to learn more about people who are visiting the Anahita website.

## Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may however release your information to comply with a court subpoena or government law enforcement agency.

## Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of [our website](/pages/tos).

## Your Consent

By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.

## Changes to our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may [contact us](/pages/contact).
